Add python3-pip repo in sources list (#602)
Hari-Nagarajan/fairgame: README.md

Install Google Chrome:
`wget https://dl.google.com/linux/direct/google-chrome-stable_current_amd64.deb && sudo dpkg -i google-chrome-stable_current_amd64.deb`

> Add Python3 repo:
> `sudo add-apt-repository universe && sudo apt-get update`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add Universe repo (this might be optional depending on your distro):
`sudo add-apt-repository universe && sudo apt update`
```
